Review and update of lab1 (#941)
kubevirt/kubevirt.github.io: labs/kubernetes/lab1.md

    '{"spec":{"running":false}}'
```

Now that the Virtual Machine has been started, check the status (`kubectl get vms`). Note the `Running` status.

You now want to see the instance of the vm you just started :

```
{% include scriptlets/lab1/05_verify_testvm_instance.sh -%}
```

> Note the difference between vm (virtual machine) resource and vmi (virtual machine instance) resource. vmi didn't exists before starting the vm and vmi will be deleted when you'll stop the vm. (Also note that restart of the vm is needed if you like to change some properties. Just modifying vm is not sufficient, vmi has to be replaced.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the difference between VM (virtual machine) resource and VMI (virtual machine instance) resource. The VMI does not exist before starting the VM and the VMI will be deleted when you stop the VM. (Also note that restart of the VM is needed if you like to change some properties. Just modifying VM is not sufficient, the VMI has to be replaced.) 
```

Author: Thanks a lot @aburdenthehand, it was a real pleasure meeting you and all other Kubevirt contributors. Your proposal of modifications are perfect, I will include them and solve this signing issue hopefully through squashing.

Disconnect from the virtual machine console by typing: `ctrl+]`.

> If you like to see the complete boot sequence logs form the console. You need to connect to serail console just after starting the vm (you can test by stopping and starting the vm again, see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like to see the complete boot sequence logs from the console. You need to connect to the serial console just after starting the VM (you can test this by stopping and starting the VM again, see below).
```

> If you like to see the complete boot sequence logs from the console. You need to connect to the serial console just after starting the VM (you can test this by stopping and starting the VM again, see below).

Reviewer 2: now we also have the capability to get guest console logs streamed out to the k8s logging system,
see: https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/055c6e0491fa93befa6372ca4d367916cabcb5af/staging/src/kubevirt.io/api/core/v1/schema.go#L466-L470
